Alright! In this video, we are going to
have an assignment. Get some hands-on
experience with Swagger. And what we wanna do is go through and customize that
vendor endpoint. We're gonna use the
annotations that we saw demonstrated in
the last video. And we're gonna go
through, and what I want you to do is use
these @Api annotations and customize that.
Just get comfortable using these
annotations to update the API data,
that's gonna be displayed on the
Swagger HTML. So, what I want you to do is
go through and use @Api to update the
overall description of the endpoint, and
then, our controller has several methods
there for the API operation. So obviously,
we wanna use @ApiOperation to
update some of the operations that are
available there, and go ahead and add in
some notes, just so you can see how to
use that. Then finally, we have the
@ApiModelProperty, so we can use that
annotation to update some of the
descriptions of the properties, and go
ahead and give that a try. And in the
next video, I'll go through and
demonstrate the use of these one more
time, so you're comfortable using these
annotations, just in case you are
uncomfortable using them. So, we'll go
through, and in the next video, we'll do a
live coding operation and step through
each one of these.